hi everybody so I'm back we're in the
same clothes that I did for my walgreens
drugstore haul I want to get this video
out for you because I also made a
purchase at the dollar store the other
day and went dollar shopping yay um I
got a few things which I thought thought
was really cool and I wanted to share
with you so I wanted to show you what I
bought I mentioned my other video that
sometimes people are really lucky to be
able to get the Maybelline products at
the dollar store I searched high and low
for a dollar stores in my city but none
of them seem to have the Maybelline
products the only one that I could find
and I was so ecstatic was this right
here I got this at dollar tree and this
is called a Maybelline Dream moose
shadow and I haven't even opened it up
yet but it's blue heaven it's pretty
much i'm going to be using it for my eye
shadow but pretty much for the cream
base um you know probably put call it on
top of it but this is really cute and I
know that really cute really pretty and
I know that um some people are able to
get other colors at their dollar store
but this is the only one they were
selling so I was grabbing it and
anything I could find that think is half
decent I love to buy at the dollar store
whether I keep it or give it away I just
think it's such a good deal to be able
to find like name-brand you know drug
store stuff at the dollar store again
another cool fine is the Maybelline what
is this the Maybelline shine seduction
glossy lip color I haven't even opened
it and this is what it looks like it's
this color specifically in 220 and it's
purple helix Oh purple hex that's the
color name brand but I think it's more
of like a burgundy wine type of color so
that's that
okay so you all know this with all a
dollar so here's another one another
shine seduction glossy lip color and
this one is in its born with it and it's
another glossy lip color so that's what
it looks like it's like a nude or a very
very light pink a limited edition so
here it goes not only is it in this
packaging like this which I noticed that
a lot of the dollar stores they off they
put it in these type of packaging so
when you take it out it's also like the
Patchett packaging that you see if
drugstores and I really like that so you
know that you know somebody didn't open
it or anything that just because this
part was partly open but this is born
with it you know I wonder I mean do you
guys know why sometimes these things
land in the dollar store or how is it
that they sell them at regular drug
stores for like seven eight dollars when
they sell them at the dollar store make
you imagine how much profit they're
making off with us but anyways maybe
these are discontinued I don't know I
really have a check these out safe at
the drug dollars short by no born with
it is really a popular name for a lot of
their lipsticks and lip glosses and
stuff okay another thing I thought was
really cool is the cover girl shadow
squeeze and this one is an exotic orchid
and it's in like a purple color I think
this is probably going to be a good
thing for like a liquid eye shadow base
so that's one of the things I found and
they also have in latte chocolate so
can't wait to use these and then also a
cover another L'Oreal lipstick says this
retail for 850 this color is in mineral
and it's just like a copper ish color I
mean it's not something I would normally
wear but I thought was kind of cool it's
a cover girl so why not um let me see
and last but not least this is LA colors
and I like this because it's all in one
lipstick blush and eyeshadow and it's a
glide stick and it reminds me of those
NYX jumbo pencils so this is like a
very it's pink satin was like a dark
pink so I really like that and it's
going to be really cool and then last
but not least i have a sally hansen
natural beauty moisture plump lip balm
and this one is i can't see the color
but yeah i love some handsome stuff so
this is what this is so if you've ever
find any Sally Hansen's or maybelline's
or L'Oreal's at your dollar story should
really you know you know pick it up
because I think these are really good
products and maybe they just have to
continued ones or over stop ones and
things like that and this is how they
package it to sell at the dollar store
because I don't see this type of
packaging at the regular drug stores
especially for the drain blue shadow I
don't even see these at the drugstores
maybe they're discontinued items so if
you guys know what the answer to these
are I would really appreciate you
letting a note with the comments down
below um drugstore haul oh yeah one
other thing I want to say is really
really cute and I really wanted to buy
like a few of these maybe give to my
subscribers or something but these are
so neat look I got the seller makeup bag
it's the cutest thing it's kind of nice
and big it's kind of sturdy and it's the
house dicks not flimsy or anything like
that and it look as pretty little girl
on their neck cute and carries a lot of
stuff so in that cold sometimes you get
some flimsy guys at the Dollar Stores
but this looks pretty nice so I'm really
happy i found it um yeah but they only
have like two of these and one of them
is kind of written on a dirty sort of
and then they had one that was in white
but i figure that's gonna get dirty up
easily so maybe i'll just go looking
around get some other ones for my
subscribers put the prizes in it or
something i don't know i just love these
cool fine but anyways um yeah that's it
for my drugstore I mean that drugstore
dollar tree haul today and I hope you
guys enjoy and let me know if you've you
know have some Maybelline moose you know
stuff at your dollar store I know some
of my subscribers do go to the dollar
trees and
find these things which I'm so jealous
but anyways you guys have a nice day
hope this was fun helpful whatever I'll
see you guys soon bye